React: Update descriptive link texts (#27826)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/introduction/introduction_to_react.md

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

> - check out this [documentary on React’s origin story by Honeypot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pDqJVdNa44).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are interested in learning more about React's history, check out this [documentary on React's origin story by Honeypot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pDqJVdNa44).
```
Think you accidentally chopped off the first part of the sentence. The original text to replace only started from the `check out ...` part, leaving the first bit of the sentence alone.
